Bugfix/typos in docs (#104)
redhat-cop/cloud.vmware_ops: roles/deploy_ovf/README.md

A role to deploy a VM from an OVF file. The OVF can be located on the `ansible_host` filesystem, at a URL, or located in a content library.

## Dependencies

N/A

## Role Variables
### Auth
- **deploy_ovf_username**:
  - str, Required. The vSphere vCenter or ESXi host username.

- **deploy_ovf_password**:
  - str, Required. The vSphere vCenter or ESXi host password.

- **deploy_ovf_hostname**:
  - str, Required. The hostname or IP address of the vSphere vCenter or ESXi host.

- **deploy_ovf_validate_certs**
  - bool, Allows connection when SSL certificates are not valid. Set to false when certificates are not trusted.

- **deploy_ovf_port**:

>   - str or int, The port to use to authenticate to the vSphere vCenter or ESXi host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - str or int, The port used to authenticate to the vSphere vCenter that contains the cluster to configure.
```

>   - str or int, The port used to authenticate to the vSphere vCenter that contains the cluster to configure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - str or int, The port used to authenticate to the vSphere vCenter or ESXi host.
```

### Placement
- **deploy_ovf_cluster_name**:

>   - str, The name of the cluster in vSphere vCenter to configure. Required if your connecting to a vCenter cluster and `deploy_ovf_esxi_host` is not provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - str, The name of the cluster in vSphere vCenter to configure. Required if you're connecting to a vCenter cluster and `deploy_ovf_esxi_host` is not provided.
```
